# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile -o requirements.txt --python-platform linux requirements.in
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   django-schema-graph
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
build==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cattrs==24.1.2
    # via django-schema-graph
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
codespell==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
comm==0.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
cryptography==41.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   secretstorage
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
dj-notebook==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-notebook
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-sql-explorer
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-notebook
django-health-check==3.18.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-pandas==0.6.7
    # via dj-notebook
django-schema-graph==3.1.0
    # via dj-notebook
django-sql-explorer==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-stubs==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
django-stubs-ext==4.2.1
    # via django-stubs
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-stubs==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
docutils==0.20.1
    # via readme-renderer
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.12.0
    # via virtualenv
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
identify==2.5.24
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via twine
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.22.2
    # via
    #   dj-notebook
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jaraco-classes==3.3.0
    # via keyring
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.22
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via dj-notebook
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.13.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.2
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
keyring==24.3.0
    # via twine
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via jaraco-classes
mypy==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nh3==0.2.15
    # via readme-renderer
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via pre-commit
notebook==7.1.3
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.1.3
    # via pandas
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   dj-notebook
    #   django-pandas
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via yamllint
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pkginfo==1.9.6
    # via twine
platformdirs==3.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via build
pytest==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via dj-notebook
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   djangorestframework
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pre-commit
    #   yamllint
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
readme-renderer==42.0
    # via twine
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.0
    # via
    #   dj-notebook
    #   twine
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==69.5.1
    # via nodeenv
shellcheck-py==0.10.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   django-pandas
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-sql-explorer
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
twine==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240311
    # via arrow
types-pytz==2023.3.0.0
    # via django-stubs
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.10
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-requests==2.31.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-urllib3==1.26.25.13
    # via types-requests
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   mypy
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   twine
uv==0.2.24
    # via -r requirements.in
virtualenv==20.23.0
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
yamllint==1.35.1
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
